README.md, before:

<<<<<<< HEAD
# Introduction

A Simple ToDo App is built using the MVC Architecture, we have also implemented "authorization" so folx can sign up, customize & personalize the app 

---

> Be sure to add that lovely star 😀 and fork it for your own copy

---

# Objectives

- It's a beginner level app created to understand how MVC concept and logins are added

---

# Who is this for? 

- It's for beginners & intermediates with little more experience, to help understand the various aspects of building a node app with some complex features

---

# Packages/Dependencies used 

bcrypt, connect-mongo, dotenv, ejs, express, express-flash, express-session, mongodb, mongoose, morgan, nodemon, passport, passport-local, validator

---

# Install all the dependencies or node packages used for development via Terminal

`npm install` 

---

# Things to add

- Create a `.env` file and add the following as `key: value` 
  - PORT: 2121 (can be any port example: 3000) 
  - DB_STRING: `your database URI` 
 ---
 
 Have fun testing and improving it! 😎


=======
# dadJokeCentral
leon todo app is now a dad joke app

### tech used: mongodb, express, ejs
>>>>>>> 2915b167fd112edcf7859504c416a498c76589ee

Commit message:

filled out readme, added media queries, slightly edited text content

README.md, after:

# Welcome to Dad Joke Central!

A community collection of wholesome, groan-inducing quips. Share your favorite knee-slappers and give a +1 vote to every gag that busted you up! 

---

# Objectives

- Our team sought to create an app that would allow dads to find community amongst like-minded practical jokesters. Dad Joke Central will serve as a cornerstone of the dad community by collecting user-created dad jokes, allowing members to determine which jokes showed the most paternalistic sense of humor, and allowing users to manage personal user profiles. 

---

# Who is this for? 

- With our simple user interface, we invite any user to share some goofs and gaffs.

---

# Packages/Dependencies used 

- bcrypt, connect-mongo, dotenv, ejs, express, express-flash, express-session, mongodb, mongoose, morgan, nodemon, passport, passport-local, validator

---

# Install all the dependencies or node packages used for development via Terminal

`npm install` 

---

# Optimization

- Given more resources to invest in this project, our team would have like to: 
  - Improve the voting system, with the option to remove likes and add dislikes to a post
  - Add a sort function where users can order posts by parameters such as total likes and date posted

 ---
 
Let's git moving! Share your jokes today! 🧓
